The German Shepperd App

The app that I created is called the German shepherd app. This app is a game and it basically about making the dog is happy, making the dog to eat when its hungry and to make the dog to play. The game is about teaching people about how to take care of the dog, what dogs need for them to be able to grow and what entertainment you can do with your dog.
The game has a welcome for people to see be able start the game and it shows a huge background picture for the german sheperd and it has a startup button for everyone to be able to begin the game. How I created the introduction for the game is that I firstly created a new project and chose empty views activity and named it the app. The empty view activity will give me two activities. One is called the activity main and main activity. In activity main is where I created the design for my game and the design consist of background image which is the dog displayed in the app. I used image view for background image. The I used button for me to be able to have a startup button. I then constrained the button for all sides. Then went to main main activity where I have to declare my button had create Val for startup button and set on listener for my button for the startup button for my button to be able to work. The other codes are used for the app to able to make the buttons to work as they will be displayed on the video.
I also added another main activity where the game will be mostly played at. The main part of the game. I started by creating the same back ground image for the game. This time on this activity I made three buttons. One is used to feed the dog, to clean the dog and to play the dog. I used images to display the dog actions so that for if someone chose to feed the dog and that it would display the picture of the dog eating. This time I added a progress bar to show 
